en, zh: add note about pvc deletion (#543)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/backup-to-gcs.md

+ `.spec.maxReservedTime`: A backup retention policy based on time. For example, if you set the value of this configuration to `24h`, only backup items within the recent 24 hours are retained. All backup items out of this time are deleted. For the time format, refer to [`func ParseDuration`](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration). If you have set the maximum number of backup items and the longest retention time of backup items at the same time, the latter setting takes effect.
+ `.spec.schedule`: The time scheduling format of Cron. Refer to [Cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) for details.
+ `.spec.pause`: `false` by default. If this parameter is set to `true`, the scheduled scheduling is paused. In this situation, the backup operation will not be performed even if the scheduling time is reached. During this pause, the backup [Garbage Collection](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/garbage-collection/overview) (GC) runs normally. If you change `true` to `false`, the full backup process is restarted.

> **Note:**
>

> > TiDB Operator will create a PVC. This PVC is used for both Ad-hoc full backup and scheduled full backup. The backup data will be stored in PV first, and then uploaded to remote storage. If you want to delete this PVC after the backup is completed, you can refer to [Delete Resource](cheat-sheet.md#delete-resources) to delete the backup Pod first, and then delete the PVC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiDB Operator creates a PVC. This PVC is used for both ad-hoc full backup and scheduled full backup. The backup data is stored in PV first, and then uploaded to remote storage. If you want to delete this PVC after the backup is completed, refer to [Delete Resource](cheat-sheet.md#delete-resources) to delete the backup Pod first, and then delete the PVC.
```

Reviewer: Please apply the suggestions to other docs accordingly.
